[feature] Strict bookie affinity group strategy (#12025)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/reference-configuration.md

| managedLedgerInfoCompressionType | Compression type of managed ledger information. <br><br>Available options are `NONE`, `LZ4`, `ZLIB`, `ZSTD`, and `SNAPPY`). <br><br>If this value is `NONE` or invalid, the `managedLedgerInfo` is not compressed. <br><br>**Note** that after enabling this configuration, if you want to degrade a broker, you need to change the value to `NONE` and make sure all ledger metadata is saved without compression. | None |
| additionalServlets | Additional servlet name. <br><br>If you have multiple additional servlets, separate them by commas. <br><br>For example, additionalServlet_1, additionalServlet_2 | N/A |
| additionalServletDirectory | Location of broker additional servlet NAR directory | ./brokerAdditionalServlet |

> | strictBookieAffinityEnabled | Enable or disable the strict bookie isolation strategy. if enabled, 1.bookie-ensemble will firstly try choosing from bookies belongs to namespace's affinity group, if bookies are not enough, then the rest bookies will be chosen. 2.if namespace has no affinity group, bookie-ensemble will only be chosen from bookies belong to no region, if bookies are not enough, BKNotEnoughBookiesException will be throwed.| false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| strictBookieAffinityEnabled | Enable or disable the strict bookie isolation strategy. If enabled, <br /> - `bookie-ensemble` first tries to choose bookies that belong to a namespace's affinity group. If the number of bookies is not enough, then the rest bookies are chosen. <br /> - If namespace has no affinity group, `bookie-ensemble` only chooses bookies that belong to no region. If the number of bookies is not enough, `BKNotEnoughBookiesException` is thrown.| false |
```

Reviewer: Do you intend to mean this?

| additionalServletDirectory | Location of broker additional servlet NAR directory | ./brokerAdditionalServlet |
| brokerEntryMetadataInterceptors | Set broker entry metadata interceptors.<br /><br />Multiple interceptors should be separated by commas. <br /><br />Available values:<li>org.apache.pulsar.common.intercept.AppendBrokerTimestampMetadataInterceptor</li><li>org.apache.pulsar.common.intercept.AppendIndexMetadataInterceptor</li> <br /><br />Example<br />brokerEntryMetadataInterceptors=org.apache.pulsar.common.intercept.AppendBrokerTimestampMetadataInterceptor, org.apache.pulsar.common.intercept.AppendIndexMetadataInterceptor|N/A |
| enableExposingBrokerEntryMetadataToClient|Whether to expose broker entry metadata to client or not.<br /><br />Available values:<li>true</li><li>false</li><br />Example<br />enableExposingBrokerEntryMetadataToClient=true  | false |

> | strictBookieAffinityEnabled | Enable or disable the strict bookie isolation strategy. If enabled, <br /> - `bookie-ensemble` first tries to choose bookies that belong to a namespace's affinity group. If the number of bookies is not enough, then the rest bookies are chosen. <br /> - If namespace has no affinity group, `bookie-ensemble` only chooses bookies that belong to no region. If the number of bookies is not enough, `BKNotEnoughBookiesException` is thrown.| false |

Reviewer 2: that's how it works with secondary group and no need for extra config. such extra config really confuses the users.

Author: I also don't support this extra config at beginning. But the review  said `The current affinity is soft affinity. If it is directly changed to forced affinity, the upgrade will have compatibility issues, which may cause not enough bookies . If there is a need for forced affinity, I think at least one switch needs to be added` @315157973 . 
@eolivelli  what do you think?

Reviewer 3: If no new parameters are added, it will be a break change

Author: I think the previous is a bug, not soft affinity.

| additionalServletDirectory | Location of broker additional servlet NAR directory | ./brokerAdditionalServlet |
| brokerEntryMetadataInterceptors | Set broker entry metadata interceptors.<br /><br />Multiple interceptors should be separated by commas. <br /><br />Available values:<li>org.apache.pulsar.common.intercept.AppendBrokerTimestampMetadataInterceptor</li><li>org.apache.pulsar.common.intercept.AppendIndexMetadataInterceptor</li> <br /><br />Example<br />brokerEntryMetadataInterceptors=org.apache.pulsar.common.intercept.AppendBrokerTimestampMetadataInterceptor, org.apache.pulsar.common.intercept.AppendIndexMetadataInterceptor|N/A |
| enableExposingBrokerEntryMetadataToClient|Whether to expose broker entry metadata to client or not.<br /><br />Available values:<li>true</li><li>false</li><br />Example<br />enableExposingBrokerEntryMetadataToClient=true  | false |

> | strictBookieAffinityEnabled | Enable or disable the strict bookie isolation strategy. If enabled, <br /> - `bookie-ensemble` first tries to choose bookies that belong to a namespace's affinity group. If the number of bookies is not enough, then the rest bookies are chosen. <br /> - If namespace has no affinity group, `bookie-ensemble` only chooses bookies that belong to no region. If the number of bookies is not enough, `BKNotEnoughBookiesException` is thrown.| false |

Author: yes @hangc0276
